so hello everyone what's up we are back
do another path guide review for the
newest water element to my collection
Punk shock pretty pumped
super hungry not yet my friend so we go
to upgrade spark shot press y and the
Wii U gamepad's shoot an electrified
bolt shoot a splash BOM puddle - cause
that area to become electrified splash
BOM press a to throw a large water
balloon that makes a puddle where it
lands shoot the puddle with a spark shot
to electrify it's just like zaps kind of
vibe like his sister pretty much from
the old Skylander games sparks splash
press X to perform a table attack that
shocks nearby enemies there is a short
wait before this ability can be used
again high-voltage press Y to shoot
high-powered crossbow attacks that do
increased damage Oh H M G press Y to
shoot Electric crossbow bolts that
branch out and hit enemies in a large
area Oh
oMG it was a weird way to do it why not
just say literally the letter O and M G
like we do in text until whatever
hyper-charged increased movements and
speed adding a spark to each step and I
chose the conductor constructor path
first because I think the other one
looks better so we've got HT throw press
a to throw two additional water balloons
now all water balloons last longer
troubled waters all water balloon
attacks to increase damage throwing
water balloons never hurt so bad and
we've got bolting blob hold ADA threw a
big balloon into the air release to zap
it and Electrify all enemies in a very
large area
finally the soul Jam electrocute whole
wide chart a powerful crossbow attack
released to shoot all enemies around you
using so now further ado let's show off
I gotta get near it probably first there
we go oh wow paralyze them that looks
awesome so here's the charged up thing
there's the combo
there's the tail swipe
a few enemies left how are these tail
strike that's why cuz you've got some
decent speed with that little combo
there so you got to get them wet first
and then you can blast the heck out of
them
oh they can get wet in the shield that's
cool
I rescued
who seems to be doing pretty good for
yourself so far I'd say
oh he's not even paralyzed as we speak
are you not watching announcer geez pay
attention come on son to indestructible
pages have a pewter I feel this
waterbomb path is going to be amazing
for story mode
so they'd have to get soaked though
that's the key thing off the
electricity's aren't doing it
ouch
this page is just about done
now you idiot gotta focus on the right
one so I guess that's a one flaw right
there she focuses on the wrong law and
you're done
she's still pretty good though she take
him out like a champ and we'll say
nicely done puncture love that job too
so she's definitely going to be ideal
for a store though that's a given
yeah that was Punk shock on the was a
conductor constructor pets so thank you
so much for watching everyone stay tuned
for more of these in the future and god
bless some great day
Bruce